You are his biological father
Smoke me
young master
I am the biological father of my little brother
He's six years old.
How could I possibly be his biological father?
What the hell is going on? Please explain it to me.
I made him say that on purpose
I just don't want you to know the truth
Why don't you let me know the truth?
Why would you do that?
Why exactly?
Why do I want so much when you come back?
Damn you waiting for so many guests
Leave my aunt behind
Have you considered our feelings?
Sorry.
I will explain this clearly to the public.
It's just me
Qin Yuxi and I are his father
You go up first
I want to talk to Huai Jing alone
I'll take care of you when you're done, brat
Huaijing
Do you care so much about Jiang Wanyi?
You know it all
I just feel ridiculous because sooner or later
He treats you like that
You still want to be with him
Bad sister
I was first engaged to you
It's not all about my dad
Don't you understand, Jinyue?
The reason why I help you
For the sake of our relationship
I have always had only one person in my heart
nostalgia
Can't you look at me?
We
We're the ones who should be together
Is that so?
I can pretend today didn't happen.
I'll explain it to everyone
Is our wedding going to continue?
Marriage
Except for home
It's all family
All generals
OK
Oh, I see.
You go first
I'll explain it to my dad sorry
in case
You don't deserve to go back to Huaijing Shenzhen at all